<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type"/>
	<link href="/style.css" rel="stylesheet"	type="text/css" />
	<title>AOL</title>
</head>
<body>

<div class="pageTitle">
AOL
</div>

<div class="pageIntro">
The AOL group of St Andrew&rsquo;s Junior Church is for ages 10-18.
</div>

<div class="pageBody">
Besides Sunday morning activities (such as quizzes, discussions, crafts &amp; games,&nbsp;
all based upon a particular theme), we regularly go out to events at weekends.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Sunday morning activities</b>
<br/>
We meet every Sunday morning from 10.30-11.30.  But we don&rsquo;t meet on the 1st Sunday as it&rsquo;s usually Church Parade and there isn&rsquo;t any Junior Church, nor on the 3rd Sunday (see below).  We also regularly have other St Andrew&rsquo;s people coming in to our sessions to speak to us about their jobs, their life experiences, their hobbies & why they come to church.  And it&rsquo;s really interesting!
<br/>
<br/>
</b>
<b>Praise &amp; Pizzas!  3rd Sundays 6pm-8pm at church</b>
<br/>
Praise services are held on the evening of the 3rd Sunday of each month.  So we don&rsquo;t meet that morning as AOL, but instead we&rsquo;ll be at the evening praise service (with the band), and then we&rsquo;ll stay behind for pizzas & a natter! Tell us any favourite songs too & we&rsquo;ll put in a request.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Other Events</b>
<br/>
We generally go to 1 or 2 gigs per year and in the past we&rsquo;ve been to see bands in Bradford, Huddersfield, Sheffield, Lincoln & Manchester.  </br></br>
We regularly get involved with various events at church.  We are very grateful that our annual Alton Towers trip is subsidised by church funds, so we have a standing obligation to pay that back with our help & general fundraising whenever we can.  But it&rsquo;s definitely worth it because the day/evening at AT is always fab! <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
For more details call Kirsty on 340164 or just come along
next week or on any 2nd, 4th or 5th Sunday (if there is one in that month) when we meet 10.30 &ndash; 11.30am. Or on 3rd Sundays at 6pm.
</div>

</body>
</html>
