<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type"/>
	<link href="http://82.71.65.42/StAndrewsHalifax/style.css" rel="stylesheet"	type="text/css" />
	<title>Prayer and Mission</title>
</head>
<body>

<div class="pageBody">

This week please pray for :
<ol class="simpleList">
	<li>The activities that are taking place at St. Andrew&acute;s this week.</li>
	<li>Rev Alistair Newton our Minister and Mrs Stella Christie our Pastoral Lay Worker.</li>
	<li>The activities that are taking place at St. Andrew&acute;s this week</li>
	<li>The Rev Alistair Newton as he prepares to lead our Morning Worship next Sunday with Celtic Style Communion and then our Annual Church Meeting after this Service.  Please do pray for our decisions and discussions that will take place at this meeting.</li>
	<li>Our minister and local preachers as they prepare to lead worship</li><br/>	
		<ol class="simpleList">
		
		<li>Rev Alistair at Highgate</li>
		</ol>
<br/>		
<li>The family fun day - a joint activity with Messy Church and Toddler Group.</li>
<li>Today we join with other members of the Calderdale Circuit as together we all pray for the wonderful outreach work being done at the New Ebenezer Centre and for the input of the Methodist Church in this project.</li>
<li>For all who will take part in our Own Arrangement Service next Sunday morning and for the Rev Graham Smith who will conduct our Evening Service at 6.00 p.m.</li>
<li>Staff and Local Preachers who are part of the St Andrew's Church Family and the Calderdale Circuit as they spend time in preparation for their next Preaching appointments.</li>
<li>For all who are getting ready to take a Summer Break that they enjoy a wonderful time of refreshment and relaxation and also for those who cannot take a break away from home this year for whatever reason.  Ask God that they all may be refreshed by some lovely summer weather and time away from 'normal' duties.
</li>
<li>Members of the St Andrew's Church Family who need our prayers and for those who are not well at this time either in hospital or recovering at home and for those who have family members unwell at this time.</li>
</li>
</li>
</ol>
<br/>
	
<!-- Read our <a href="testimonies.do">Testimonies</a>.<br/> -->
You can also submit your own <a href="prayerVine.jsp">prayer request </a> to our Prayer Vine<br/>
Prayers will be said on your behalf by members of St Andrew&acute;s Methodist Church.<br/>
<br/>


</div>

</body>
</html>
