<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type"/>
	<link href="/style.css" rel="stylesheet"	type="text/css" />
	<title>Letter from our minister</title>
</head>
<body>

<div class="pageTitle">
&nbsp;
</div>

<div class="pageIntro">
From the minister Rev Judith Satchell 
</div>

<div class="pageBody">
<div class="pageIntro">
Happy New Year of the Bible!</div><br/>
2011 has been designated the Year of the Bible.  It is 400 years since the publication of the Authorised (King James) version of the Bible. This was the first time that the Bible became readily available in English to the people of this land.
It has played a major part in the formation of the English language and many everyday sayings come from its pages.  for example: <br/>
My brother&acute;s keeper (Genesis 4.9)<br/>
Wit's end (Psalm 107.27)<br/>
Skin of my teeth (Job 19.20)<br/>
Signs of the times (St Matthew 16.3)  <br/>
<br/>
<div class="pageIntro">How do you read the Bible? </div>
From a Bible app?<br/>
In bed last thing at night or first thing in the morning, in the bath…<br/>
And how do you decide what to read? Do you read from cover to cover, following themes with daily Bible reading notes, do you just open it and read whatever is there on the page in front of you? Do you have a favourite passage you return to again and again? <br/>
<br/>
<div class="pageIntro">Why should we read the Bible? </div>
It&acute;s a jolly good read - there are so many wonderful stories all contained in one volume. There is the poetry of the creation story, the exciting story of escape from slavery in Egypt complete with plagues and the Red Sea parting. There is Jonah who was swallowed by a whale, there are dry bones coming to life. There are all the thought provoking stories of Jesus to enjoy- the farmer sowing his seed, the banquet that none of the invited guests showed up at, the Good Samaritan. Which is your favourite story from Jesus the master storyteller? <br/>
It&acute;s inspired! People, inspired by the Holy Spirit, recorded through the ages how they saw God at work in their lives and their community, brining victory over enemies, guiding them on new adventures, challenging them to right living<br/>
<br/>
It&acute;s inspiring! The Bible isn&acute;t just full of stories, poetry, history and challenges for long ago, through the millennia people have read the Bible and found it speaks to their situation, their need. The Holy Spirit still inspires us as we read the Bible in Halifax today.<br/>
<br/>
Most of all it&acute;s about God&acute;s presence with his people - all people - from the beginning of time,  but seen most clearly in Jesus; Jesus who came to live and die and rise again for us to show us for all time the immensity of God&acute;s love for us.<br/>
<br/>
2011 is a good year to challenge ourselves to read the Bible!<br/><br/>
<div class="pageIntro">How will you read yours in 2011? </div>

Judith Satchell<br/>
<br/>
</div>

</body>
</html>
