<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type"/>
	<link href="http://82.71.65.42/StAndrewsHalifax/style.css" rel="stylesheet"	type="text/css" />
	<title>Prayer and Mission</title>
</head>
<body>

<div class="pageBody">

This week please pray for :
<ol class="simpleList">
	<li>The activities that are taking place at St. Andrew&acute;s this week.</li>
	<li>Rev Alistair Newton our Minister and Mrs Stella Christie our Pastoral Lay Worker.</li>
	<li>The activities that are taking place at St. Andrew&acute;s this week</li>
	<li>Mrs Linda Smith and Mrs Juliet Foster as they prepare to lead our Services next Sunday.
	<li>Our minister and local preachers as they prepare to lead worship</li><br/>
<br/>	
		<ol class="simpleList">
		
		<li>Rev Alistair, Alison Dobson, Sue Ng, John Hargreaves and Tim Asquith as they prepare to lead Worship next Sunday at Hebden Bridge, Boothtown and Southowram, Illingworth Moor, Salem and Stones.</li>
		</ol>
<br/>		
<li>Today we join with other members of the Calderdale Circuit as together we all pray for the Church Family at Hebden Bridge and for their minister the Rev Francis Neil.</li>
<li>For all the Local Preachers who are part of the St Andrew's Church Family as they spend time in preparation for their next Preaching appointments.</li>
<li>For all who hear and receive the wonderful message of Easter that Christ is Risen - Alleluia!</li>
<li>Members of the St Andrew's Church Family who need our prayers and for those who are not well at this time either in hospital or recovering at home and for those who have family members unwell at this time.</li>
</li>
</li>
</ol>
<br/>
	
<!-- Read our <a href="testimonies.do">Testimonies</a>.<br/> -->
You can also submit your own <a href="prayerVine.jsp">prayer request </a> to our Prayer Vine<br/>
Prayers will be said on your behalf by members of St Andrew&acute;s Methodist Church.<br/>
<br/>


</div>

</body>
</html>
